Now, let us start adding some more specifications to this code.
So.
Let us try to find.
What happens after Marla receives first salary?
Marla receives salary.
Yes, so that function is called and invoking the matter get salary.
Yes.
So let's try to run this.
And see what are what we are going to receive.
OK, so it is showing in the ditch, your name is mean, it's not my life, my lies, the student,
one of the students.
Yes.
Rena is their teacher.
So now I'm going to run this again.
So, yes, there is no change as we haven't found anything, so let us try to say so.
Again, after paying into one.
Sorry.
It's me 19th.
Confusing with the names, so yes.
Let us do the same for fools to Nina.
We need something to say.
So they're placing this hideous.
So now again, if you try to run this school.
The money will be updated.
So, yes, school has spent a salary off me not as nine thousand and left with ninety thousand.
Now, let us do a different thing.
Let us try to.
She out.
A student fees low.
Yes.
So here we are trying to sizzle, rather whatever other advisors, Ubuntu, so let us see what it is.
So you can see that there is a garbage value after students.
I suppose if we try to pretend what is it has fees.
So we can write it, the fees paid by.
Closing in.
And then.
Basis.
Yes.
So if they try to run this.
So actually, let us do this as.
Not only.
And try to explore something more.
It is giving garbage value this far.
So let's get back to the stolen birds and.
Try to create what a two state function so we can write it as or write.
Public string.
And they're toasting Mr.
I will show you what this does, my time does.
Once after it is executed.
You will relate to it with the garbage that you are receiving after calling the student.
So what is it that made this function?
Student's name, student.
Name.
Some homes student's name isn't on the record is denying their student name and.
A colon.
The name variable.
Yes.
And certainly she's been certain she's been.
Bailout.
Not the free spread over on, but potentially spread below.
In your piece, so suppose I.
Yes.
And the phrase brain function.
So calling and closing it.
So, yes.
We had her with this toasting function overnight toasting functions, and let's call this again in May
not know.
So this are not brain dead end.
Let us try to run it again.
So, yes.
Buffer student's name, Nana Tortoises, break their lives thousand soyez.
Initially, it was a turning of garbage value, but with the use of all string function.
Yes.
So this use of this toasting function, the Garmin Venu is vanished.
So yes, this is the use of this boosting function.
We learn to.
More function modified to allow says you can drive spin on that student also.
Yes.
Let's call it for one of the student.
Jonah.
So now what does it mean, it seemed as the totality spread, right?
Yes.
So Joe, the pastor, dances with it and always know as they allow.
Only those students have been nurses that Damona and rather so it is a buffet are taught you about total
fees.
Paid is zero that has total fees.
Paid is 50000 below.
OK, so we have learned so many things by far in this project.
One more thing I am I would like to add is that this was the basic concept we were learning to this
project.
One more thing that we can do with this is make our next door window interface into the port will open
in a separate window like.
Not in that diamond.
There will be a separate window.
So if you want to explore more, you can do that.
It is a very simple task.
The main focus of this project was to teach you the basic concept of Java and classes and methods in
Java.
So let us quickly summarize what we have learned through this project by far.
OK, so before summarizing, we would also like to add the overnight case.
Former teacher says when?
So, yes.
I think the over right.
Let me copy it from the student front.
Yes.
So, yes, this is over, I think, function.
Yes, he did it for the students.
Now we are sitting in for that, teachers also.
And in the teachers, we have sanity.
Sanity said Saturday.
So it is like name on vacation.
The name of the speech you're.
Dalton, sadly, aren't so far.
Both Saturday armed and.
And then, Sally, on so I guess.
Now, let's try to test this.
This.
Name on the bleachers.
Yes.
So, Marla.
Marlow, let us straighten this.
In past summers, let me drag this issue.
So that it is in that business, oh yes, Mr. Bass.
We are following the principle of learning by doing.
I am learning.
Meanwhile, teaching you to make this project, so if there miss something, we should learn this by
solving that ends.
Solving the box is the best way to learn any language or make any project sense after fixing this error.
We really go back and try to run this again.
So I guess my last daughter's salary until now is as we haven't made anything to my alarm.
If they try to run it for another line, like suppose it's.
Yes.
So if you try to run it for larceny.
Loss of their daughter Saturday afternoon is six thousand.
This is done with the help of the override string function.
This helps us to return the SATs armadillo below and rest on the teams.
So yes.
Now summarizing this project, what we have learned so far.
We learn to create a school management system.
Like, we manage the strategy, Senator, to get each of us, the fees submitted by the students.
We created four classes Main Glass, School Class, Student Class and each year class.
For the school class.
Recalculated the total money spent.
That total money by creating a separate momentum in the student class, we have created, the object
says, adding invalid fees Fred Sisco does.
And similarly for the teachers.
So overall, we have learned the basic off Java and it's Oops concept had opened a nurse object oriented
from them.
So after completing this project successfully, I hope you're on when that's when you get a good laugh
at this Java basic oops concept.
That's on ending this and wishing you a good day.
Thank you.